welcome to effortlessly chic YouTube
channel today we'll be reviewing a
product by Sephora and this is an
Itemizer
it's actually a universal atomizer for
perfume um I used the the travel oh but
I actually lost it and I really liked it
because it's very small I was not too
expensive and basically I've had it for
about a couple of years however I carry
it around with me and probably I just
you know I just dropped it and it's gone
so I was looking for something different
and I was a Sephora and it was a usual
20% off and I decided to go for this one
now this one actually comes in this
quite big packaging and this kit comes
like this and here there is a brief
explanation on how it works so this is
actually a special edition because
usually you would find the one in pink
huh there is not no way that I'm going
to find to buy something pink I actually
hate all this pinkish stuff and also
there is a one which is more like silver
by oh I like this wine with the Stars I
thought that it was quite different and
I was like you know why not and I must
say that I do prefer the travel on why
because this one has got a strange way
of working out this you would see that
there is this thing and it leaks so it's
not very good basically what you have to
do I'm going to take apart you may show
you basically you have to I'm taking a
the Istana McCarney and you have to
basically put it like this and you spray
the perfume inside in this way
I mean the good thing of this compared
to the traveller is that even if you
don't have this type of perfumes er that
actually and you can take this one off
you can still use it twice with the
trouble if you don't have this type of
packaging gap it's impossible and that's
because with this you just happen to
spritz it in the corner and basically
you turn this sir you close it so you
turn it back and this is basically the
way that he looks also the other problem
that I got sir with this is that when me
now you can see that there is the liquid
and when it goes past beyond this very
very little transparent PISA you don't
know how much is left I mean this one is
about 55 spritzes which is exactly the
same as a travel of a base with the
travellers got the whole entire
transparent bit and you can see when
actually it's a done with this one you
got to guess bisque you have to you know
turn it around and see if there is still
enough product or not with regards to
the weather the work something that is
very good I mean you can is not
spritzing too much product so we are not
going on to be surrounded by a cloud of
a perfume also this one which is the
capper clicksor it means that you will
not basically lose the cap but also you
know the bottom you actually have to
turn it so if you turn it and close it
well is not going to open up so overall
I think that travel is better as I said
because I can see how much product is
left a much easier also I don't
particularly this cone thing but the
Sephora I can easily get it 20 percent
of bisque this is a 10 euro
and I got it basically for eight euros
actually because I purchased something
that was much more expensive at the end
of the day this one with a discount on
the other product worked out for free so
I'm good I suggest purchasing this well
if I cannot get hold of a traveller or
if you'll have you know to order travel
via Amazon and you have to pay for the
expenses and deliver etc this one works
out much cheaper also if you use the
perfume and I'm going to show you the
time but also if you use the perfume
like this I basically don't have this
little non-solar and you would have to
destroy it basically you can still use
the Sephora because you can still spritz
the perfume in was with the traveler
this one cannot be used the results
another one by Bulgari which has got a
similar packaging in a sense that it
doesn't have this nozzle and therefore
this a Sephora would work out much
better so overall it's an okay product I
mean and at the end of the day it's an
optimizer it is much easier to find it
in if you are in a country where there
is Sephora for example in the UK you
kind of find this one because there is
no Sephora but if you are you know in
places like Italy France Portugal Spain
aus etc this is very very easy to get
all of they also create sort of special
edition and if for example you buy
different colors you can actually put in
a different perfume so for example you
may get a perfume one in this one you
then can purchase the one that is silver
and you can put a different perfume and
so on overall I find these products very
handy also because I mean I tend not to
reapply makeup during the day I mean
with the exception of the lipgloss but
sometimes actually handy to refresh the
perfumer and going around with something
like this it relaxes me heavy was this
one is you know
nice and cheerful also if I lose the so
hopefully not I mean I can easily
replace it and of course I will lose a
little bit of perfumer so the one that
is still left in this atomizer but you
know at the end of the day is not a big
deal so they're all it's a handy product
I would suggest purchasing this as I
said that yes circum depending on
whether the travel of suits you better
or this one suits you better if you use
the products like this definitely don't
go for the traveller because you cannot
use a traveler because the packaging
doesn't allow you to transfer the parfum
if you use actually the one with the
little nozzle also the new basic can
take it off
whether you use this or the traveler
doesn't make any difference considering
that this one I mean I will show you
again this little thingy it's a little
bit of a pain but again is personal
preference because once you close it I
mean the product works perfectly and
it's also pretty nice I mean the
traveler also has the bigger one has got
more colors so again it's a matter of
personal preference but so considering
that you can get this full price for 10
euros or you know discounted price if
you got all the various offers that are
basically on at Sephora nearly every
week you can get away with eight euros
which I think is a reasonable amount of
money thank you so much for watching